docs: improving docs (#303)
summerwind/actions-runner-controller: README.md

    --from-file=github_app_private_key=${PRIVATE_KEY_FILE_PATH}
```

### Deploying using PAT Authentication

> Self-hosted runners in GitHub can either be connected to a single repository, or to a GitHub organization (so they are available to all repositories in the organization). This token is used to register a self-hosted runner by *actions-runner-controller*. Depending on how you plan on using the runner will depend on what scopes are needed, from an account that has `admin` privileges  for the repository, create a [personal access token](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Personal Acess Token can be used to register a self-hosted runner by *actions-runner-controller*.

Self-hosted runners in GitHub can either be connected to a single repository, or to a GitHub organization (so they are available to all repositories in the organization). How you plan on using the runner will affect what scopes are needed for the token.

Log-in to a GitHub account that has `admin` privileges for the repository, and [create a personal access token](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new) with the appropriate scopes listed below:
```

**Scopes for a Repository Runner**

> 

Reviewer: Add a single item list here?

```
* repo (Full control)
```
